***

Evolution is constant! Technologies and markets evolve at rapidly pace. Dealing with the daily deluge is challenging enough, insuring that your entire company is running at its optimum is a luxury out of reach of many leaders. That's where Virtual TuneUp comes into play. We help organizations their leaders acheive desirable performance levels.

Virtual TuneUp employs siutational analysis, agile methodologies, lean management, and performance-driven processes. The actionable plans we create are always acheivable, always productive and efficient, always nimble, and never complex. Our talents were built on the proving grounds of high-performing organizations over the last 28 years. We're so good at what we do, the government took notice and called on us to help them with their performance issues.

Peak your curiosity? We hope so! Virtual TuneUp can help your organization, it's simply a matter of reaching out to and starting a conversation.

***


Situational Analysis
We show you what's really going in your organization, so deficiencies costing time and money can be fixed.

Agile Methodologies
We use customer feedback to plan incremental improvements that can be rapidly executed and achieved.

Lean Management
We eliminate time and money waste streams that are killing your efforts to improve the bottom line.

Performance Driven
We develop, tweak, and simplify processes allowing you to take your business to the stratosphere.


Always Acheivable
Bloated business plans fail slowly. We create incremental and actionable plans that can be rapidly acheived.

Always Productive & Efficient
Impatience is a virtue, especially when helping our customer find new levels of productivity and efficiency.

Always Nimble
We help you pivot as necessary as the future unfolds ensuring not only your survial, but your success.

Never Complex
Complex solutions fail more often than not. We find simple solutions that work, even for complex problems.


***


David Roualdes is the founder of Virtual TuneUp. David began his career when he started California Graphics, which, under his leadership, became a multi-million dollar, multi-faceted marketing and advertising services firm. Later, in the heart of the recession, he became the CEO for Job Aspirin, an Internet startup for job search. Since then, he's worked as a managment consultant. With 23 years at the helm as a CEO and 5 years in management consulting, his knowledge and wisdom in all facets of business management is extensive. David maintains though that his greatest accomplishment, which he says can never be surpassed, is as a husband and father of three.


Adding to our already stellar record, Virtual TuneUp recently turned around a stuggling enterprise by doubling its sales in the heart of the recession. More recently, we completed a long-term contract with the City of San Rafael, where we re-engineered business processes, improved departmental performance and interdepartmental communications, and project managed vast citywide IT infrastructure projects.


leader run multi-million dollar companies. Change to technological and evolutionary market changes, TuneUp offers management consulting and project management services for the four functional areas of business management including production/operations, marketing, finance, and human resources. Specialities include process engineering, change management, productivity and eficiciency improvement, cloud-based management systems, web development, marketing, advertising, information technology, SaaS, and e-commerce.
